feat(dns): honor use_vpn_dns on Linux by writing /etc/resolv.conf (#84)
PinkD/corplink-rs: README.md

  // latency: choose the server with the lowest latency
  // default: choose the first available server
  "vpn_select_strategy": "latency",

>   // use vpn dns (macOS: networksetup; Linux: rename /etc/resolv.conf aside
>   //   and write a new one with the VPN-provided nameserver)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // use vpn dns
  //   - macOS: networksetup
  //   - Linux: backup /etc/resolv.conf and write a new one with the VPN-provided nameserver
```

  // NOTE: if process doesn't exit gracefully, your dns may not be restored
  "use_vpn_dns": false,
  // optional: where the file-based backup lives. Linux default is
  // /etc/resolv.conf.corplink (same directory as /etc/resolv.conf so
  // rename(2) stays same-fs). If rename fails at runtime (e.g. EBUSY on a
  // docker bind-mount, EXDEV across filesystems), corplink-rs logs a
  // warning and overrides /etc/resolv.conf without a backup — restore on

>   // exit becomes a no-op. macOS ignores this field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // optional, Linux only: where the backup file lives. Default is
  // /etc/resolv.conf.corplink
```

  "vpn_select_strategy": "latency",
  // use vpn dns (macOS: networksetup; Linux: rename /etc/resolv.conf aside
  //   and write a new one with the VPN-provided nameserver)
  // NOTE: if process doesn't exit gracefully, your dns may not be restored
  "use_vpn_dns": false,
  // use vpn dns (macOS: networksetup; Linux: rename /etc/resolv.conf aside
  //   and write a new one with the VPN-provided nameserver)
  // NOTE: if process doesn't exit gracefully, your dns may not be restored
  "use_vpn_dns": false,
  // optional: where the file-based backup lives. Linux default is
  // /etc/corplink-rs.resolv.bak (same directory as /etc/resolv.conf so
  // rename(2) stays same-fs). If rename fails at runtime (e.g. EBUSY on a
  // docker bind-mount, EXDEV across filesystems), corplink-rs logs a
  // warning and overrides /etc/resolv.conf without a backup — restore on
  // exit becomes a no-op. macOS ignores this field.
  "dns_backup_path": null,
  // optional: where the file-based backup lives. Default
  // /etc/corplink-rs.resolv.bak (same directory as /etc/resolv.conf so
  // rename(2) stays same-fs). Irrelevant when dns_backup_type is "memory".

>   "dns_backup_path": null,

Reviewer: ?

Reviewer: Remember to review code before pushing.

Author: Sorry... I missed this part just now, it's already fixed.
